when I would have healed Israel then the
when I would have healed Israel then the iniquity of Ephraim was uncovered and
iniquity of Ephraim was uncovered and
iniquity of Ephraim was uncovered and the wickedness of Samaria for they have
the wickedness of Samaria for they have
the wickedness of Samaria for they have committed fraud a thief comes in a band
committed fraud a thief comes in a band
committed fraud a thief comes in a band of robbers takes spoil outside they do
of robbers takes spoil outside they do
of robbers takes spoil outside they do not consider in their hearts that I
not consider in their hearts that I
not consider in their hearts that I remember all their wickedness now their
remember all their wickedness now their
remember all their wickedness now their own deeds have surrounded them they are
own deeds have surrounded them they are
own deeds have surrounded them they are before my face they make a king glad
before my face they make a king glad
before my face they make a king glad with their wickedness and princes with
with their wickedness and princes with
with their wickedness and princes with their lies they are all adulterers like
their lies they are all adulterers like
their lies they are all adulterers like an oven heated by a baker he ceases
an oven heated by a baker he ceases
an oven heated by a baker he ceases stirring the fire after kneading the
stirring the fire after kneading the
stirring the fire after kneading the dough until it is leavened in the day of
dough until it is leavened in the day of
dough until it is leavened in the day of our King princes have made him sick
our King princes have made him sick
our King princes have made him sick inflamed with wine he stretched out his
inflamed with wine he stretched out his
inflamed with wine he stretched out his hand with scoffers they prepare their
hand with scoffers they prepare their
hand with scoffers they prepare their heart like an oven while they lie in
heart like an oven while they lie in
heart like an oven while they lie in wait their baker sleeps all night in the
wait their baker sleeps all night in the
wait their baker sleeps all night in the morning it burns like a flaming fire
morning it burns like a flaming fire
morning it burns like a flaming fire they are all hot like an oven and have
they are all hot like an oven and have
they are all hot like an oven and have devoured their judges all their kings
devoured their judges all their kings
devoured their judges all their kings have fallen none among them calls upon
have fallen none among them calls upon
have fallen none among them calls upon me
me
me Ephraim has mixed himself among the
Ephraim has mixed himself among the
Ephraim has mixed himself among the peoples Ephraim is a cake unturned
peoples Ephraim is a cake unturned
peoples Ephraim is a cake unturned aliens have devoured his strength but he
aliens have devoured his strength but he
aliens have devoured his strength but he does not know it
does not know it
does not know it yes gray hairs are here and there on him
yes gray hairs are here and there on him
yes gray hairs are here and there on him yet he does not know it and the pride of
yet he does not know it and the pride of
yet he does not know it and the pride of Israel testifies to his face
Israel testifies to his face
Israel testifies to his face but they do not return to the Lord their
but they do not return to the Lord their
but they do not return to the Lord their God nor seek him for all this
God nor seek him for all this
God nor seek him for all this Efram also is like a silly dove without
Efram also is like a silly dove without
Efram also is like a silly dove without sense they call to Egypt they go to a
sense they call to Egypt they go to a
sense they call to Egypt they go to a Syrian wherever they go I will spread my
Syrian wherever they go I will spread my
Syrian wherever they go I will spread my net on them I will bring them down like
net on them I will bring them down like
net on them I will bring them down like birds of the air
birds of the air
birds of the air I will chastise them according to what
I will chastise them according to what
I will chastise them according to what their congregation has heard woe to them
their congregation has heard woe to them
their congregation has heard woe to them for they have fled from me destruction
for they have fled from me destruction
for they have fled from me destruction to them because they have transgressed
to them because they have transgressed
to them because they have transgressed against me though I redeemed them yet
against me though I redeemed them yet
against me though I redeemed them yet they have spoken lies against me they
they have spoken lies against me they
they have spoken lies against me they did not cry out to me with their heart
did not cry out to me with their heart
did not cry out to me with their heart when they wailed upon their beds they
when they wailed upon their beds they
when they wailed upon their beds they assembled together for grain and new
assembled together for grain and new
assembled together for grain and new wine they rebelled against me
wine they rebelled against me
wine they rebelled against me though I disciplined and strengthened
though I disciplined and strengthened
though I disciplined and strengthened their arms yet they devised evil against
their arms yet they devised evil against
their arms yet they devised evil against me
me
me they returned but not to the Most High
they returned but not to the Most High
they returned but not to the Most High they are like a treacherous bone their
they are like a treacherous bone their
they are like a treacherous bone their Prince's shall fall by the sword for the
Prince's shall fall by the sword for the
Prince's shall fall by the sword for the cursings of their tongue this shall be
cursings of their tongue this shall be
cursings of their tongue this shall be their derision in the land of Egypt
their derision in the land of Egypt
their derision in the land of Egypt you